hello beastie
well hello there fellow man was the
name's Theodore Theodore tush and
welcome back to unbox two blue great
shower I open things and see what's
inside today I'm unboxing Hot Toys sixth
scale figure Maleficent which was
gracefully provided by none other than
Sideshow Collectibles Thank You sideshow
thank you oh and don't forget to make
all my fantasies come true by sticking
around to the very end if I know how you
can win a free three-month subscription
to loot crate so magical all right
Maleficent you've had your chance to
rest it's time to show you to the world
I release you from your boxy prison now
shake it shake it like a marimba marimba
marimba first in the Box we have
Maleficent standing in at around twelve
and a half inches tall she was crafted
after the image of Angelina Jolie from
Disney's film Maleficent and features
horns they were probably crafted after
the image of my bodacious tusks there's
some likeness there yes it's undeniable
her horns are just slightly more curvy
than mine otherwise this is a perfect
match now what's neat is this figure has
multiple points of articulation and not
just in her limbs but in her tailored
gown which by the way is very well
assembled you can adjust her collar to
whatever position you desire as well as
the gown train at the bottom if only my
moustache had that much customization
huh the things my moustache gadot if it
was so adjustable like that I could
twirl them next let me point out the
groovy to be stand on the base of the
stand received Maleficent's magnificent
name inscribed atop it as well as in the
name placard and what's nice as the
stand is adjustable you can both raise
and lower the stand for endless
possibilities Maleficent also comes with
a staff she can hold in her left hand
and her accomplice Raven buddy who can
perch on top of it I bet he'd make a
delicious pie I'd be raving about it and
buy make a delicious pie I mean make one
not be one please mammals fish is the
only thing on my menu that I want to
catch the bird flu yeah
and last in the Box we have
interchangeable hands seven in total one
for holding her staff so you cannot pass
one that's sort of like a bow before me
and kissed the ring on my finger a pair
meant for some back-scratching action
when you got the Michi's a hand for
pointing at someone to help you with
those unreachable itchy places and then
to open palms for holding the included
green flames special effect parts to
showcase her power
please Maleficent don't put a curse on
me put a curse on my hat yes my hat way
it's probably already cursed it always
falls off I guess you can put a curse on
my grandma she's been making me sleep on
the roof lately it's cold up there I'm
not even allowed to take a blanket with
me well thanks for watching fellow
mammals if you liked what you saw
there's a link to this figure in the
description below make sure you check it
out my paychecks carrying on it and for
a chance at winning this week's free
three-month subscription to Luke right
who's your favorite Disney villain and
why leave a comment and send some fish
my way while you're thinking about it
and one more big thanks to Sideshow
Collectibles for providing the unboxing
goodness today come on listen it's not
an applause track those are real people
out there now make sure you like this
video and cast a spell on the subscribe
button a nice positive spell mind you
put on your best Tusk helmet and pay me
a visit on my personal YouTube channel
and then once you get your wings back
make sure you fly on over to loot
crate's website to learn more about them
now I need to go find true love's first
kiss there are plenty of fish in the sea
you can't resist this beautiful face
somebody get me a mirror
I'll show them who's the fairest of all